I admire Miss Jiang's design very much
That's right.
I also invited him to a dinner party tonight
He was delighted.
I think we're going to be good friends.
You know he's my woman
You should put away those thoughts that shouldn't be used
Otherwise?
Don't blame me for not remembering the old love between our two families
Amo
If you knew what that bitch Jiang Lin did
You will definitely come back to me
Please see uncle
Is that so?
It was Miss Bai Ruobai who invited me here
He may have forgotten to bring me the invitation at the time
That's not true.
You can go in with me to confirm.
Is this the case?
Who do you think you are?
Is Miss Bai someone you can meet if you want?
Please see the setting.
Just to prevent inferior people like you
muddle through
Come and cheat, get out of here
You blind bitch
This kind of place is also what you pay for.
What are the security guards still doing?
Hurry up and get this kind of Xiamen out
Okay, Miss.
Do you hear me?
Are you all right?